what's up guys rock man 250 x 1 and
where should I start yeah we're going to
be doing the ropes postmarked today
sluggers no mod review yesterday due to
the new one point five point one update
but we're back today with the road post
mod and basically welcome to our rock
climbing center yeah well my rope
climbing sense you could say so let's go
in and have woke up some of the recipes
we don't want no creepies so yeah even
though me and we have 12 chest so head
to make some rope I need to do it
possible free string in a row and to
make a dish would be a finger but it's
called the grappling cut but I I could
mix now we make the grappling hook and
stick it one there we go so this
basically just allows you to throw the
grappling hook on top of high services
and it won't lower you wrote now you
have to rope arrow you'd shoot it with
no I was like we will show you and
there's a recipe for that there we go m3
I'm the only main recipes in this mud
we're going have oak outside now I wish
I made a bed and we're going to go and
try the grappling hook poplar there we
go I like going that way but what's
movers and to get the grappling hook
done all you need to do is like break a
bit of the rope and let's try this again
there we go we can climb to the top you
can create your brake lamp and hook we
can just float back hola throw it back
up
come on I'm throwing it too hard there
we go we got it back so it looks like if
you don't if you don't throw it where
it's possible for it to go down yet the
grappling hook back why is awesome all
right so we going to the hour one now so
this is called d well it's not called
the logo on a roll petrol so if you just
get an arm above and just five it out
the wall and you can just not do that
but I'm up even if there's no wall
behind you what the funny thing goes
alright you've done it because I
remember doing it for you and this one
some of the channel you could actually
see free the robots awesome on awesome
but put it up to get the arrow back so
let's do some experiments can we get on
top of our high climbing center no come
on nope ah there we go there we go climb
climb
thank you I know I wonder this is amir
can you actually see control it's for
swap buttons what does that mean oh I
see you mad decent in the controls
there's pick up swap I will flowers for
our buck was I we're just going to set
out as but now we can't say I thought
that and that because I don't want these
two so
was it just key and fire fortune guys
I'm not understanding in this yes okay
we'll have you as J or dad
come on give me it so ji sik I don't
understand my bed but yeah that was the
rope for smart enough basically all this
rope nope I mean martyr than a yard pass
to oh whoa let me early in the morning I
no need to get it out of the way so yeah
so ask was a question on ask fm shush
rakhmon 250 x 1 i'll throw it down last
night for you guys when its border i
think god yeah i'm happy with the video
views what's recently coming in on the
mods so i shall see you tomorrow phone
you much okay my gosh don't forget to
Like subscribe and follow me at twitter